The sun sets in the north.
Water boils at 10°C.
Humans have three eyes.
The Earth is flat.
Fish live in the sky.
Fire is cold.
Ice is hot.
The moon is made of cheese.
Birds have fur.
Plants grow without water or sunlight.
A cat is a reptile.
The sky is always purple.
Gravity makes objects float upwards.
Humans breathe helium.
A year has 500 days.
The ocean is filled with chocolate.
Dogs meow.
Apples grow underground.
The human heart is located in the leg.
A triangle has four sides.
The Earth is made of cheese.
A car has wings.
Snow is black.
The brain is located in the foot.
The alphabet has 100 letters in English.
The Pacific Ocean is the smallest ocean.
The Eiffel Tower is in New York.
Penguins can fly.
Milk comes from fish.
The color of grass is blue.
There are 50 months in a year.
Giraffes have short necks.
Humans cannot taste food.
Fish can walk on land.
Tigers have polka dots.
The sun is a planet.
Frogs cannot jump.
A clock tells you the weather.
The Earth has 10 moons.
A bicycle has 10 wheels.
Lightning happens only on sunny days.
Trees are made of metal.
Butterflies cannot fly.
Elephants are the smallest animals.
Kangaroos swim instead of hopping.
Water is made of gold and silver.
Bats are active during the day.
Rainbows are made of sound.
Humans do not have bones.
A bee cannot fly.
Humans can breathe underwater.
The Moon is made of cheese.
Dogs can speak English.
Elephants can fly.
The Earth is flat.
Fish can live on land.
Penguins live at the North Pole.
Cars run on water.
Trees can walk.
The Sun revolves around the Earth.
Cats and dogs are the same species.
Humans have three eyes.
The sky is green.
Rocks are alive.
Bananas are blue.
Chickens have teeth.
Books can read themselves.
Grass is red.
Paris is the capital of Spain.
Whales are fish.
The Earth has two suns.
Oranges grow underground.
Fire is cold.
Metal floats on water.
Giraffes have short necks.
Humans can photosynthesize.
Cows can fly.
Water boils at 10 degrees Celsius.
Pencils are made of rubber.
The Sahara is covered in ice.
Bicycles have three wheels.
Water flows uphill naturally.
Lions are herbivores.
Humans can see radio waves.
Birds are reptiles.
Snow is hot.
The Earth is the largest planet.
Diamonds are soft.
Grass grows at night only.
Carrots help you see in the dark.
Bees make milk.
Wood is magnetic.
Watches have square faces.
Kangaroos are birds.
Eggs are square.
Mice are bigger than cats.
Humans have tails.
The Atlantic Ocean is the smallest ocean.
Apples grow underground.
Chocolate grows on trees.
Clouds are made of cotton candy.
Snakes have legs.
Leaves turn purple in autumn.
Bicycles run on electricity.
Stars are visible only in summer.
Mountains are formed overnight.
The Amazon River flows through Russia.
Tomatoes are blue when ripe.
Dolphins are a type of shark.
The Great Wall of China is in Australia.
A refrigerator makes food warmer.
Sharks are mammals.
Deserts are covered in snow.
Jupiter is the smallest planet.
Spiders have six legs.
Salt tastes sweet.
Babies can walk at birth.
Ants are larger than mice.
The heart pumps air through the body.
Lightbulbs produce darkness.
Water boils at 50 degrees Celsius.
The Earth has two moons.
Humans have four lungs.
Ants live for up to 10 years.
Cats can fly short distances.
Bananas grow underground like potatoes.
The human body has 150 bones.
Cheese is made from tree sap.
Horses have six legs.
Penguins can fly at high altitudes.
The sun orbits around the Earth.
Carrots are a type of fruit.
The Great Wall of China is visible from space with the naked eye.
Lions are herbivores.
Elephants can jump.
Oceans contain fresh water.
Bees make chocolate.
Tomatoes are poisonous to humans.
Antarctica is the hottest continent.
Spiders have ten legs.
The human heart is located on the right side of the chest.
Dolphins are a type of fish.
Giraffes have short necks.
Potatoes grow on trees.
Mercury is the furthest planet from the sun.
Humans only use 10% of their brains.
Bats are blind.
The Earth is flat.
Sharks need to keep swimming or they will explode.
Salt and sugar are chemically identical.
Venus is the coldest planet in our solar system.
Birds are mammals.
Fish can breathe out of water.
Grass is naturally blue.
Jupiter is smaller than Earth.
Moths eat clothes.
Australia is located in Europe.
A day on Earth is 36 hours long.
Onions are a type of fruit.
Trees absorb carbon dioxide and release nitrogen.
Dogs are color blind and see only black and white.
The human body contains 80% oil.
Humans have 32 vertebrae.
Snakes have eyelids.
The Nile is the shortest river in the world.
Clouds are made of cotton.
The Pacific Ocean is the smallest ocean.
Whales lay eggs.
All plants need sunlight to grow.
Honey never spoils.
Owls can turn their heads 360 degrees.
China is the smallest country in Asia.
All metals conduct electricity.
Gorillas are carnivores.
Rabbits are rodents.
Russia borders Mexico.
Kangaroos cannot hop backward.
All mushrooms are poisonous.
The Eiffel Tower is in London.
Cows sleep standing up.
The common cold is caused by being cold.
The Sahara Desert is located in South America.
Cacti store milk in their stems.
Mosquitoes only live for one day.
Gold is magnetic.
Sharks are mammals.
Apples are poisonous to humans.
Camels store water in their humps.
A kilometer is longer than a mile.
The North Pole is the coldest place on Earth.
Humans have 8 fingers on each hand.
Vegetables are always green.
Mount Everest is located in Europe.
The moon produces its own light.
Brazil is in Africa.
Lobsters are immortal.
Rain falls from clouds because they are too full.
Rainbows have 5 colors.
Mars is larger than Jupiter.
Pandas are carnivores.
Ostriches bury their heads in sand when scared.
Nutmeg is made from nuts.
Diamond is the softest mineral.
The Statue of Liberty is in Washington D.C.
A light year measures time.
The liver produces insulin.
Frogs are reptiles.
Gorillas are the largest animals on Earth.
Humans have 5 senses.
Paris is the capital of Italy.
The sun is a planet.
Cars run on water.
All deserts are hot.
Mercury is a non-metal.
Rhinos have three horns.
The United States has 48 states.
All birds can fly.
The Great Barrier Reef is in the Atlantic Ocean.
Blood is blue inside the body.
Alligators live only in Africa.
Saturn is the only planet with rings.
The human genome has 1 million genes.
Crocodiles cannot close their mouths.
Seasons are caused by the Earth's distance from the sun.
Goldfish have a 3-second memory.
The solar system has 12 planets.
Tigers live in Africa.
Caffeine depletes the body of water.
The Atlantic Ocean is the largest ocean.
Humans have tails at birth.
New York is the capital of the United States.
All spiders spin webs.
Einstein failed math as a student.
Koalas are bears.
Flamingos are naturally white.
The Amazon River flows through Africa.
A day on Mars is 72 hours long.
Scorpions are insects.
The Amazon Rainforest produces 10% of Earth's oxygen.
Penguins only live at the South Pole.
Cockroaches would survive a nuclear war.
Drinking milk increases mucus production.
Airplanes have square windows.
Bulls are angered by the color red.
Napoleon Bonaparte was extremely short.
Lightning never strikes the same place twice.
Chameleons change color to match their surroundings.
Sharks don't get cancer.
The Earth and Moon are the same size.
Hair and fingernails continue to grow after death.
Twinkies have an infinite shelf life.
Eskimos have 100 words for snow.
You lose most body heat through your head.
Sugar causes hyperactivity in children.
Reading in dim light damages your eyes.
The tongue has specific taste zones.
Cats always land on their feet.
Cracking knuckles causes arthritis.
Rice thrown at weddings makes birds explode.
Brain cells never regenerate.
All polar bears are left-handed.
Beavers eat fish.
A penny dropped from a tall building can kill someone.
Coffee is made from beans.
The Mississippi River is the longest river in the world.
Lemmings commit mass suicide.
Humans descended from chimpanzees.
Eating turkey makes you sleepy.
Dogs have acidic saliva.
Urine is sterile.
Vomiting is controlled by the heart.
The Great Wall of China is a single continuous wall.
Chickens are unable to fly.
Lightning cannot strike water.
Desert areas never receive rain.
The color of blood cells is permanently red.
Electrons flow from positive to negative.
Humans only have 100,000 hairs on their head.
All diamonds are white.
Glass is a very slow-moving liquid.
Goldfish grow to the size of their container.
Flies live for only 24 hours.
Bananas grow on trees.
A snake can charm its prey through hypnosis.
Humans use all of their DNA.
Daddy long-legs are the most venomous spiders.
Chewing gum stays in your stomach for 7 years.
The Empire State Building is the tallest building in the world.
Humans are the only animals that dream.
Humans are the only animals that use tools.
People swallow 8 spiders per year while sleeping.
Milk helps reduce spiciness.
Shaving makes hair grow back thicker.
Left-handed people die earlier than right-handed people.
Earth is closest to the sun in summer.
All bacteria are harmful.
All viruses are harmful.
The tongue is the strongest muscle in the body.
Unicorns existed but went extinct.
The tooth fairy is real.
Santa Claus lives at the North Pole.
Gum will stick to your digestive tract if swallowed.
The Easter Bunny lays chocolate eggs.
Vaccines cause autism.
Touching frogs gives you warts.
5G networks spread diseases.
Vitamin C prevents the common cold.
Drinking hydrogen peroxide cures illness.
Organic food has no pesticides.
GMOs are dangerous to eat.
MSG causes headaches.
Microwaves make food radioactive.
Fat can be turned into muscle.
Humans only breathe with their lungs.
Pluto is still classified as a planet.
Thunderstorms turn milk sour.
The wind chill factor makes the air colder.
Vikings wore horned helmets.
Slaves built the Egyptian pyramids.
Witches were burned at the stake in Salem.
Christopher Columbus proved the Earth was round.
Thanksgiving was always a national holiday.
Benjamin Franklin discovered electricity with a kite.
Albert Einstein failed math class.
George Washington had wooden teeth.
Paul Revere shouted "The British are coming!"
Pilgrims always wore black and white.
Friday the 13th is the unluckiest day.
Touching a baby bird makes its mother abandon it.
The Middle Ages were completely dark and backward.
Thomas Edison invented the light bulb from scratch.
The Bermuda Triangle is abnormally dangerous.
Ancient Romans vomited to eat more at feasts.
Slavery was only practiced in the Southern United States.
Humans evolved from modern apes.
Marco Polo brought pasta to Italy from China.
People in the Middle Ages thought the Earth was flat.
Isaac Newton discovered gravity when an apple hit his head.
Bats are completely blind.
Chocolate causes acne.
Your blood turns blue when deoxygenated.
All volcanoes are cone-shaped mountains.
Dinosaurs and humans lived at the same time.
The sun is a ball of fire.
All planets in our solar system orbit the sun in perfect circles.
Alcohol kills brain cells.
Humans have never been to the moon.
Piranhas can strip a cow to the bone in minutes.
Alcohol warms you up in cold weather.
A coin dropped from a tall building could kill someone.
You need to wait 24 hours before reporting a missing person.
Humans have exactly five senses.
Different parts of the tongue detect different tastes.
Cracking your knuckles causes arthritis.
Sugar makes kids hyperactive.
You can see the Great Wall of China from space.
You lose most of your body heat through your head.
Lightning never strikes the same place twice.
Goldfish have a three-second memory.
We only use 10% of our brains.
The moon landing was faked.
Sharks don't get cancer.
Humans and dinosaurs coexisted.
Vikings wore horned helmets.
Bats are blind.
Bulls are angered by the color red.
Ostriches bury their heads in the sand.
Different colored M&Ms have different flavors.
Carrots improve your night vision.
Pennies dropped from skyscrapers can kill people.
Pigeons explode if they eat rice.
You can't fold a piece of paper more than 7 times.
Dogs age 7 years for every human year.
Thomas Edison invented the light bulb.
Christopher Columbus discovered America.
Earth is perfectly spherical.
Humans have exactly five senses.
Chameleons change color to match their surroundings.
You have to wait 24 hours to report a missing person.
Shaving makes hair grow back thicker.
Coffee stunts growth.
Fingernails continue growing after death.
Saturn is the only planet with rings.
Swimming right after eating causes cramps.
Toilets flush in opposite directions in different hemispheres.
Mercury is the hottest planet in our solar system.
Koalas are bears.
Venus is the closest planet to the sun.
The common cold is caused by cold temperatures.
Water conducts electricity.
Bees die after stinging just once.
Cats hate water.
All spiders make webs.
Camels store water in their humps.
Blood is blue inside your body.
Peanuts are nuts.
All dinosaurs were gigantic.
All frogs are toads.
Brazil is the largest country in South America.
Flies have a lifespan of 24 hours.
All snakes are venomous.
The Earth is perfectly round.
Spiders are insects.
Dogs are colorblind.
Milk builds strong bones.
You digest chewing gum over seven years.
Caffeine dehydrates you.
Einstein failed mathematics in school.
The sun is yellow.
A duck's quack doesn't echo.
Glass is a fast-flowing liquid.
Lemmings commit mass suicide.
Daddy longlegs are the most venomous spiders.
The Great Wall of China is visible from the moon.
Humans are the only animals that kill for sport.
The desert is uniformly hot day and night.
The Amazon rainforest produces 20% of Earth's oxygen.
Humans are born with all their brain cells.
Waking a sleepwalker is dangerous.
Birds will abandon their young if humans touch them.
Salt water boils faster than fresh water.
Reading in dim light damages your eyesight.
A penny dropped from the Empire State Building would kill someone.
Napoleon Bonaparte was very short.
Frankenstein was the name of the monster.
All of the brain's cells are replaced within a year.
Lightning only strikes tall objects.
Alcohol kills brain cells.
Taurine in energy drinks comes from bull urine.
You need to drink 8 glasses of water daily.
Seasons are caused by Earth's distance from the sun.
Plants release carbon dioxide at night.
Every part of a candle burns at the same time.
Twinkies never expire.
George Washington had wooden teeth.
Dropping a penny from a skyscraper can kill someone.
DNA is visible to the naked eye.
All fish are cold-blooded.
Humans only use 10% of their brains.
Bats are blind.
Bulls are angered by the color red.
Dogs sweat through their tongues.
Vomiting is controlled by the liver.
The tongue is the strongest muscle in the body.
Mount Everest is the tallest mountain in the world.
Milk produces excess mucus.
Lightning never strikes the same place twice.
Goldfish have a three-second memory.
Mars is the closest planet to Earth.
Blood is blue inside your body until exposed to air.
Waking a sleepwalker is dangerous.
Sugar causes hyperactivity in children.
Ostriches bury their heads in the sand when threatened.
Birds will abandon their babies if humans touch them.
Napoleon was very short.
Earth is the closest planet to the sun.
The Earth is the brightest planet viewed from space.
The Empire State Building is the tallest building in the world.
Whales spray water from their blowholes.
Arabic numerals were invented in Arabia.
Humans evolved from chimpanzees.
Humans and dinosaurs lived at the same time.
Pluto is a planet.
Vikings wore horned helmets in battle.
The universe is only several thousand years old.
Sharks must swim constantly or they will die.
People in Medieval times thought the Earth was flat.
You can see the Great Wall of China from space with the naked eye.
Turtles can leave their shells.
Beavers eat fish.
Zebras are white with black stripes.
A penny dropped from a tall building can kill someone.
Cracking your knuckles causes arthritis.
Houseflies only live for 24 hours.
Glass is a slow-moving liquid.
Dogs see in black and white.
Touching a toad causes warts.
Lightning cannot strike the same place twice.
Elephants never forget anything.
The Great Wall of China is a single continuous wall.
All mushrooms are either poisonous or edible.
Humans are the only species that wage war.
Cold weather causes colds.
Jupiter is the furthest planet from the sun.
Vaccines cause autism.
Bat soup caused the COVID-19 pandemic.
Thomas Edison invented electricity.
Moons only orbit planets.
The moon has a permanent dark side.
Carrots make your vision better.
The vomeronasal organ detects pheromones.
Thomas Edison invented the light bulb.
Swimming after eating gives you cramps.
A duck's quack doesn't echo.
Humans have 5 distinct tastes.
The Great Wall of China is a continuous structure.
Vikings had horned helmets.
Lemmings commit mass suicide by jumping off cliffs.
All bacteria cause disease.
Humans evolved from monkeys.
The poinsettia plant is highly toxic.
Toilets flush in opposite directions in different hemispheres.
Dogs age seven human years for each calendar year.
Eating carrots improves your eyesight.
The tongue has mapped taste zones.
Saturn is the only planet with rings.
Touching a baby bird will cause the mother to reject it.
Witches were burned at the stake in Salem.
Goldfish grow to the size of their environment.
We lose most of our body heat through our heads.
Lightning never strikes the same place twice.
Napoleon Bonaparte was shorter than average.
Vikings wore horned helmets in battle.
Sugar makes children hyperactive.
All animals in the Arctic have white fur.
A penny dropped from a tall building can kill.
