The sun rises in the east.
Water freezes at 0°C.
Humans have two eyes.
The Earth revolves around the sun.
Fish live in water.
Fire is hot.
Ice is cold.
The moon orbits the Earth.
Birds have feathers.
Plants need sunlight to grow.
A cat is a mammal.
The sky is often blue.
Gravity pulls objects downwards.
Humans breathe oxygen.
A year has 365 days.
The ocean contains saltwater.
Dogs bark.
Apples grow on trees.
The human heart pumps blood.
A triangle has three sides.
The Earth is a planet.
A car has wheels.
Snow is white.
The brain controls the body.
The alphabet has 26 letters in English.
The Pacific Ocean is the largest ocean.
The Eiffel Tower is in Paris.
Penguins cannot fly.
Milk comes from cows.
The color of grass is green.
There are 12 months in a year.
Giraffes have long necks.
Humans can taste food.
Some fish have scales.
Tigers have stripes.
The sun is a star.
Frogs can jump.
A clock tells time.
The Earth has one moon.
A bicycle has two wheels.
Lightning occurs during thunderstorms.
Trees provide shade.
Butterflies have wings.
Elephants are the largest land animals.
Kangaroos can hop.
Water is made up of hydrogen and oxygen.
Bats are nocturnal.
A rainbow has multiple colors.
Humans have teeth.
A bee can fly.
Water freezes at 0 degrees Celsius.
The Earth orbits the Sun.
Humans have 10 fingers.
Birds lay eggs.
The Pacific Ocean is the largest ocean.
Plants convert sunlight to energy.
Lead is heavier than aluminum.
The Eiffel Tower is in Paris.
Diamonds are made of carbon.
Bees make honey.
Mars is a planet in our solar system.
Dogs are mammals.
A year has 365 days.
The human body contains blood.
Mount Everest is the tallest mountain on Earth.
Fish live in water.
The piano is a musical instrument.
Apples grow on trees.
The heart pumps blood.
Tokyo is the capital of Japan.
Cats have whiskers.
Wood can burn.
Humans need oxygen to survive.
The Moon orbits the Earth.
Penguins cannot fly.
Salt is used to season food.
Bicycles have two wheels.
Rome is in Italy.
The sun rises in the east.
Books contain pages.
Tigers are carnivores.
Glass is made from sand.
Clouds are made of water vapor.
The Earth has one moon.
Lions live in Africa.
Carrots are vegetables.
Fire is hot.
Rain is wet.
Grass is green.
Elephants have trunks.
Snow is cold.
Bananas have peels.
Pencils contain graphite.
Eggs have shells.
Milk comes from cows.
Humans have two eyes.
Ice floats on water.
The sky appears blue.
Donald Trump is the current U.S. President.
Water boils at 100°C at sea level.
The heart is located in the chest.
Dolphins are mammals, not fish.
Spiders have eight legs.
Sound travels in waves.
Humans have 206 bones in their body.
Gold is a precious metal.
The speed of light is faster than sound.
The Earth's atmosphere contains nitrogen.
Whales breathe air through blowholes.
Antarctica is the coldest continent.
The Statue of Liberty is in New York.
Mercury is the closest planet to the Sun.
Computers use electricity to operate.
Honey is produced by bees.
The Great Wall of China is visible from Earth.
The human body contains approximately 60% water.
Most plants grow from seeds.
Humans have five senses.
Iron is attracted to magnets.
Water freezes at 0 degrees Celsius.
The Earth orbits the Sun.
Trees produce oxygen.
Humans have 206 bones.
Paris is the capital of France.
Dogs are mammals.
Gold is a chemical element.
The sun is a star.
Bees make honey.
Penguins cannot fly.
Mercury is the closest planet to the Sun.
Diamonds are made of carbon.
Giraffes have long necks.
Lions live in groups called prides.
Plants need sunlight to grow.
The moon orbits the Earth.
Sound cannot travel through a vacuum.
Dolphins are highly intelligent.
Japan is an island nation.
Elephants are the largest land mammals.
Vegetables contain vitamins.
The Amazon is the largest rainforest.
Bacteria are microscopic organisms.
Salt is composed of sodium and chloride.
Owls are nocturnal birds.
Russia is the largest country by area.
Oceans cover most of Earth's surface.
Humans need oxygen to survive.
Volcanoes erupt magma.
Fish breathe through gills.
Birds have feathers.
Australia is both a country and a continent.
Honey never spoils.
The Earth has one natural satellite.
Spiders have eight legs.
The human heart pumps blood.
Jupiter has a great red spot.
The brain controls the body.
Babies have more bones than adults.
Mount Everest is the tallest mountain.
Snakes are reptiles.
Water boils at 100 degrees Celsius at sea level.
Polar bears live in the Arctic.
Pancreas produces insulin.
Lightning causes thunder.
Metals conduct electricity.
Kangaroos carry babies in pouches.
Saturn has rings.
Apples grow on trees.
Ants can lift many times their own weight.
Ice floats on water.
Blood is red due to hemoglobin.
Sharks are fish.
Humans have five senses.
Cats purr when content.
Camels store fat in their humps.
The Great Wall of China is visible from space.
Beavers build dams.
Iron rusts when exposed to oxygen and moisture.
The Nile is the longest river.
Venus is the hottest planet.
Horses sleep standing up.
Carrots contain vitamin A.
The equator divides Earth into hemispheres.
Glass is made from sand.
Bananas grow on plants not trees.
Humans are omnivores.
Cacti store water.
Tiger stripes are unique like fingerprints.
The Pacific is the largest ocean.
Butter comes from milk.
Bamboo grows very quickly.
Cheetahs are the fastest land animals.
Wolves hunt in packs.
Earthquakes are measured on the Richter scale.
Flamingos are naturally pink from their diet.
Pearls come from oysters.
Rabbits have powerful hind legs.
Helicopters can hover.
Teeth are covered in enamel.
Pigs are omnivores.
Corn is a grain.
The Sahara is the largest hot desert.
Octopuses have three hearts.
Copper turns green over time.
Brussels sprouts are related to cabbage.
Platypuses lay eggs.
Earth's atmosphere contains nitrogen.
Muscles work in pairs.
Bats use echolocation.
Goats have rectangular pupils.
Strawberries are not true berries.
Pineapples grow on plants close to the ground.
Humans share DNA with bananas.
Only female mosquitoes bite.
Frogs breathe through their skin.
Rice is a staple food worldwide.
The chemical symbol for gold is Au.
Hummingbirds can fly backward.
Forests help prevent soil erosion.
Tomatoes are fruits botanically.
Hair and nails are made of keratin.
The human body is mostly water.
Oranges contain vitamin C.
The Arctic is in the north pole region.
Antarctica is the coldest continent.
Light travels faster than sound.
Otters hold hands while sleeping.
Coffee comes from beans.
Starfish can regenerate limbs.
The Statue of Liberty was a gift from France.
Eiffel Tower is in Paris.
Skin is the largest human organ.
Zebra stripes are unique.
The speed of light is constant in a vacuum.
Jellyfish have no brains.
Water is a universal solvent.
Hippos can run faster than humans.
Lemons contain citric acid.
Bamboo is a grass not a tree.
The Earth has a magnetic field.
Gorillas are herbivores.
The chemical formula for water is H2O.
Redwoods are the tallest trees.
Butterflies taste with their feet.
Dogs have a better sense of smell than humans.
Olives grow on trees.
Orcas are the largest dolphins.
The universe is expanding.
Lobsters can live for decades.
Potatoes grow underground.
Alaska was purchased from Russia.
Oxygen is required for combustion.
Paper is made from trees.
Chickens are descendants of dinosaurs.
Rainbows form when light reflects in water droplets.
Blue whales are the largest animals.
Mars has two moons.
Turtles can live over a hundred years.
Chess originated in India.
Most wasps are not pollinators.
Blueberries are purple not blue inside.
Silk comes from silkworms.
The Golden Gate Bridge is in San Francisco.
Carrots were originally purple.
Koalas sleep up to 22 hours a day.
Sloths move very slowly.
Antarctica has no native human population.
The Earth's core is mostly iron.
Skunks spray to defend themselves.
Snowflakes have six sides.
Grasshoppers can jump 20 times their body length.
Most sharks must swim constantly to breathe.
Honey is made by bees from nectar.
Chocolate is made from cacao beans.
The Milky Way is a spiral galaxy.
Avocados are berries.
Crocodiles can live over 70 years.
Plastic does not biodegrade quickly.
The largest flower is the rafflesia.
Humans share common ancestors with chimpanzees.
Many birds migrate seasonally.
Coral reefs are living organisms.
Clouds are made of water droplets.
Camouflage helps animals hide.
Sound travels faster in water than air.
Aluminum is the most abundant metal in Earth's crust.
Peanuts grow underground.
Bats are the only mammals that can truly fly.
DNA carries genetic information.
Caffeine is a natural pesticide.
Eyes blink to keep them moist.
The Colosseum is in Rome.
Rain forms when water droplets get heavy.
Venom and poison are different.
Butterflies start as caterpillars.
The Titanic sank in 1912.
Almonds are seeds not nuts.
The chemical symbol for silver is Ag.
Spinach contains iron.
Bacteria can be beneficial.
Cacti are succulents.
Emeralds are green.
Leopards have spots.
Maple syrup comes from maple trees.
Helium makes your voice higher.
Bacteria can multiply rapidly.
Tides are caused by the moon's gravity.
Ducks have waterproof feathers.
Yawning brings more oxygen to the brain.
Peacocks are male peafowl.
Snowflakes are unique.
Yogurt contains bacterial cultures.
Chameleons change color for communication.
Lightning can strike the same place twice.
Sugar dissolves in water.
Tornadoes spin counterclockwise in the northern hemisphere.
The International Space Station orbits Earth.
Sand is made mostly of quartz.
Crows are highly intelligent birds.
Foxes are related to dogs.
Tea leaves contain caffeine.
The horizon is curved due to Earth's shape.
Pumpkins are fruits.
Rubies are red.
The Mona Lisa is in the Louvre.
Glass is made by melting sand.
Pine trees have needles instead of leaves.
The human eye blinks involuntarily.
Lizards can regrow tails.
Concrete hardens over time.
Cheese is made from milk.
Raccoons wash their food.
Dew forms when air cools at night.
Wind is moving air.
The Louvre was once a palace.
Buffalo are not extinct.
A light year measures distance.
Concrete gets stronger over time.
Mushrooms are fungi not plants.
Coffee beans are seeds.
Vultures eat carrion.
Mammals have hair or fur.
Roses have thorns.
Seven continents exist on Earth.
The Great Barrier Reef is in Australia.
Trees can live for thousands of years.
Manatees are related to elephants.
Watermelons are mostly water.
Fingernails grow faster than toenails.
Seeds need water to germinate.
Camels have three eyelids.
Jupiter has many moons.
Peppers contain capsaicin.
Koalas eat eucalyptus leaves.
Cotton grows on plants.
Lightning can heat air to 50,000 degrees Fahrenheit.
Photosynthesis produces oxygen.
The Matterhorn is in the Alps.
Bacteria can be found everywhere.
Geckos can walk on ceilings.
Oxygen makes up about 21% of air.
Pine cones protect seeds.
Humans cannot digest cellulose.
Clownfish live in sea anemones.
Venus rotates backward.
Coconuts float on water.
Hail is frozen rain.
Blood contains plasma.
Eagles have excellent vision.
Ostriches have the largest eyes of land animals.
Glaciers are made of compacted snow.
Polar bears have black skin.
Hot air rises.
Humans share half their DNA with bananas.
Peanut butter was invented in the late 1800s.
Tigers have striped skin not just fur.
Antarctica is a desert.
Zebras are black with white stripes.
Jupiter is the largest planet in our solar system.
Sharks have been around longer than trees.
The Grand Canyon was carved by the Colorado River.
Blood cells are produced in bone marrow.
Penguins mate for life.
Chameleons can move their eyes independently.
A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance.
Bald eagles are not bald.
A day on Venus is longer than a year on Venus.
Grasshoppers have ears on their abdomen.
Wolves are ancestors of domestic dogs.
Cockroaches can live without their heads.
Earthworms have five hearts.
Bananas are berries botanically.
The hottest part of a flame is blue.
Onions make you cry because of sulfur compounds.
A hippo's sweat is red.
Rhinos are related to horses.
A blue whale's heart is the size of a car.
Kiwi birds lay eggs one-quarter their body weight.
A giraffe's tongue is about 21 inches long.
A cat's spine is extremely flexible.
Butterflies can see ultraviolet light.
A dog's nose print is unique like a human fingerprint.
Redwood trees can live over 2,000 years.
A crocodile cannot stick out its tongue.
Cats sleep for 70% of their lives.
Seals can sleep underwater.
Snakes smell with their tongues.
A tiger's stripes are on their skin as well as fur.
Butterflies taste with their feet.
Cats can jump up to six times their length.
An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain.
A snail can sleep for three years.
Spiders have blue blood.
Octopuses have three hearts.
Polar bears have black skin under white fur.
Giant pandas eat for up to 12 hours a day.
Gorillas can catch human colds.
The average person blinks 15-20 times per minute.
A mosquito can smell human breath from 100 feet away.
Albatrosses can go years without touching land.
Hippos secrete red sweat.
The smallest bone in the human body is in the ear.
Plants can recognize their relatives.
Cheetahs cannot retract their claws.
A group of jellyfish is called a bloom.
Koalas have fingerprints similar to humans.
Beavers can hold their breath for 15 minutes.
Elephants have the longest gestation period.
Hummingbirds are the only birds that can fly backward.
A group of ravens is called a conspiracy.
Otters have the thickest fur of any animal.
Slugs have four noses.
Flamingos bend their legs at the ankle not the knee.
There are more chickens than people on Earth.
Dragonflies have been on Earth for 300 million years.
Hippopotamus means "river horse" in Greek.
Cows have best friends.
Scorpions glow under ultraviolet light.
Whale songs can travel for miles underwater.
A tarantula can survive for more than two years without food.
Turtles can breathe through their butts.
Reindeer eyes change color with the seasons.
A rhinoceros horn is made of hair.
Armadillos always give birth to identical quadruplets.
Goats have rectangular pupils.
A crocodile can't move its tongue.
Elephants can smell water from several miles away.
Wombats produce cube-shaped poop.
The fingerprints of koalas are similar to humans'.
Cats sweat through their paws.
A mole can dig a tunnel 300 feet long in one night.
Honey never spoils.
Kangaroos cannot walk backward.
Axolotls can regrow entire limbs.
Rats can laugh when tickled.
Dolphins call each other by name.
Crows can recognize human faces.
Mantis shrimp can see polarized light.
A giraffe's spots are unique like fingerprints.
Otters have skin pockets for favorite rocks.
Ants never sleep.
Flies taste with their feet.
Sloths can turn their heads 270 degrees.
Koalas sleep up to 22 hours a day.
Bees can recognize human faces.
Flamingos can only eat with their heads upside down.
Some frogs freeze solid in winter and thaw in spring.
Octopuses have three hearts and blue blood.
A rabbit's teeth never stop growing.
Squirrels plant thousands of trees by forgetting where they buried nuts.
Cows have four stomachs.
A group of hedgehogs is called a prickle.
Puffins mate for life.
Horses sleep standing up.
Horses communicate through ear position.
A flea can jump 200 times its own height.
An elephant can smell water up to 3 miles away.
A wolf can hear up to 6 miles away in the forest.
Cheetahs can accelerate faster than sports cars.
Koalas have fingerprints almost identical to humans.
Penguins "propose" with pebbles.
Reindeer eyes turn blue in winter.
Giraffes have the same number of neck vertebrae as humans.
Hummingbirds can fly upside down.
Sloths can rotate their heads 270 degrees.
Kangaroo babies are the size of a lima bean when born.
Porcupines float in water.
Alligators can live up to 100 years.
A wolf pack travels single file in deep snow.
Dolphins sleep with one eye open.
Owls cannot move their eyes.
Gorillas can catch human colds.
A group of crows is called a murder.
Elephants are the only mammals that cannot jump.
Giraffes have no vocal cords.
Sea otters hold hands while sleeping.
Termites outlived dinosaurs.
A human cannot tickle themselves.
A polar bear's fur is not white but transparent.
The original oranges from Southeast Asia were green.
Cuttlefish can change the texture of their skin.
A banana is technically a berry.
Sharks are older than Saturn's rings.
Bears can run as fast as horses.
Lobsters can regenerate lost limbs.
Turkeys can blush.
Dragonflies were the first insects to evolve flight.
Elephants are the only mammals with four knees.
The skin on a polar bear's nose is black.
Cats cannot taste sweet things.
Owls don't have eyeballs; they have eye tubes.
Flamingos are pink because of what they eat.
Polar bears have black skin under their fur.
Cows have best friends and get stressed when separated.
Goats have accents.
Sheep can recognize up to 50 other sheep faces.
A group of frogs is called an army.
A snail can sleep for three years.
Hippos secrete a reddish oily fluid that acts as sunscreen.
A group of porcupines is called a prickle.
A group of unicorns is called a blessing.
Pigeons can recognize themselves in a mirror.
A platypus doesn't have a stomach.
A group of pandas is called an embarrassment.
Butterflies taste with their feet.
A shrimp's heart is in its head.
A group of owls is called a parliament.
Elephants are the only mammals that can't jump.
Cows have best friends and get stressed when separated.
Moths don't have stomachs.
Beavers can hold their breath underwater for 15 minutes.
Giraffes clean their ears with their tongues.
Dolphins give each other names.
Wombats produce cube-shaped poop.
Honeybees can recognize human faces.
Elephants can recognize themselves in mirrors.
A duck's quack doesn't echo.
Octopuses have three hearts.
Rats laugh when tickled.
Flamingos can stand on one leg for hours.
Cormorants' feathers aren't waterproof.
Hibernating bears don't urinate.
Crabs can regrow lost limbs.
Owls have three eyelids.
Arctic foxes don't shiver until -70°C.
Parrots can learn human vocabulary.
Ostriches can run faster than horses.
Pandas have an extra "thumb" to hold bamboo.
Crocodiles eat stones to help digestion.
Dragonflies have six legs but cannot walk.
Raccoons have whiskers on their paws.
Hippos can run faster than humans on land.
A group of porcupines is called a prickle.
Butterflies taste with their feet.
A giraffe's neck contains the same number of vertebrae as a human's.
Penguins have specialized glands to remove salt from seawater.
Polar bears can smell seals through three feet of ice.
A rattlesnake can control how much venom it injects.
Armadillos can hold their breath underwater for up to six minutes.
Camels have three eyelids to protect against sandstorms.
Dolphins sleep with one eye open.
Newborn kangaroos are smaller than a cherry.
Bumblebees can fly higher than Mount Everest.
Turtles can breathe through their butts.
Cows produce more milk when listening to music.
A tiger's night vision is six times better than a human's.
Some tarantulas can live without food for over two years.
Horses communicate through ear position.
Seagulls drink saltwater.
A hippo can open its mouth wide enough to fit a 4-foot tall child inside.
Kangaroos cannot walk backward.
Albatrosses can sleep while flying.
An octopus has three hearts and blue blood.
Porcupines float in water.
Rabbits cannot vomit.
Flamingos are born with gray feathers.
Sea otters have the thickest fur of any mammal.
Sloths take two weeks to digest food.
Hippos secrete a red substance that acts as sunscreen.
Seahorses mate for life.
Mantis shrimp can see polarized light.
Hyenas can digest bones.
Giraffes have black tongues.
Tigers have striped skin, not just striped fur.
Honeybees can recognize human faces.
